# React Front End
The front end application is a simple React based guest book.  Guests are able to create a guest book entry via the underlying microservice.  Needless to say, this is a guest book for a party exclusive to developers.

Each guest book entry is emitted to the front end over a WebSocket and displayed in real time (or at least pretty close to it).

## Prerequisites
As mentioned in the [root `README.md`](../README.md), you'll need to install Node and NPM.  Once those are installed (or if they already are), run `npm install` to install our dependencies.  This will be required even if you use Docker Compose, as the `docker-compose.yml` points to this module's `node_modules` folder.  That folder is created by the aforementioned command.

Additionally, Docker must be installed and a `registry` container must be running and available on port `5000` in order for the Docker image to be pushed successfully.

## How to Build
Building this part of the project is pretty easy once the prerequisites are installed.  Simply run Maven's `install` goal to build this module's Docker image. **NOTE:** The `build-and-push-docker-image` profile must be enabled for the Docker image to be built and pushed.

## How to Run
There are two possible configurations for running this project:
- **Complete Local Mode** - Using this configuration, MongoDB must be running locally on port `27017` and the `webflux-back-end` microservice must be running locally on port `8080`.  Once these requirements are satisfied, simply execute the command `npm run` via a terminal from the root of this module.
- **Docker Compose Mode** - Using this configuration, you may simply run the `docker-compose.yml` file [found here](../docker-compose/dev/docker-compose.yml) using IntelliJ IDEA.

## Autogenerated Documentation:
This is the auto-generated documentation from `create-react-app` and may prove helpful when getting a handle on React.js development.

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified, and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project, so you have full control over them. All the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts, so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However, we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you could not customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
